what's that sound combine I hate combine
no I'm just gonna kill them all
what how did I miss
last one
what the heck's out there
oh crap Hunter
onliners searching for me this can't be
good
I gotta go I gotta go now I just need to
get on my hover board nothing like that
time to get on with hoverboard come on
our move there we go now let's go come
on come on into the Stargate go
I'm on the way I hope they won't find me
here oh crap there's a squad of combine
up there that can't be
why'd they stop shooting this is very
odd holy crap too long trail of blood
why'd they just let me in I'm gonna see
what's in this room with this light
wonder if he asked users by what okay
this firm getting the surgery so they
can tell me who I am so I can complete
my quest and stop killing my own team or
the enemy
holy crap where am I hey hey where are
you taking me let go of me where are we
God don't hit the cliff
um
this is odd there's another medic
well no I he's so close to me the
scaring me okay so they agreed to tell
me who I am but all i have to do is kill
off their one surviving or the enemy's
one last surviving guy there he is got
him
okay I'm move see if they have anyone
else they recruited anyone nope doesn't
look like it okay let's go ah crap every
one of the best of the two this sucks I
hope they can tell me who I am
is there anyone coming up behind me nope
okay there anyone over here no wait
why's are essentially right there ah
ok so this device came and picked me up
and I don't know where it's taking me
right now all I know is that it's
somewhere back to near our base hi where
we're going
this thing's horrible can't even drive
itself
blue medic is giving me surgery tell me
who I am and this crappy music is
playing in the background
all i have to say is welcome back Chuck
Norris
you